Edit: getting started (#49)
FalixNodes-Software/help-center: _posts/minecraft/general/2021-08-31-getting-started.md

You also have a shortcut. You can check out premade configs by clicking [here](https://github.com/flaxeneel2/pterodactyl-optimized-paper-egg) and then edit the values to your liking (PaperMC).

**Startup Flags**
The startup flags are also very important for optimization and makes a major difference in performance.
1. Go to your server panel
2. Go to startup tab
3. Scroll down to JAVA ARGUMENTS
4. Paste the flags [here](https://haste.flaxeneel2.net/Z3SgPnxvQyaJ9Q47LPbLooXKHq7FSax6UBFkBzpY03OOCdV22k.coffeescript) in it

> 5. Start your server and you are done!

Reviewer: Just telling the user to paste in something from a website and starting their server isn't something I want to do.
If you're going to add in something about startup flags, could you at least explain what each flag does, or explain what all the startup flags combined will do to the server.

I'm also fine with separating this to a new article.

Author: > I'm also fine with separating this to a new article.

Do you think its a good idea to sort it like this?
/minecraft/startup/java-arguments

Reviewer: Not sure myself. @itsjuoum ^^

Author: ive been brainstorming for a while, but i cant come up with a better one

Reviewer 2: Yeah, I think that it's better if we separate this to a new article

Author: What should the permalink be?

Reviewer 2: This isn't a discussion for that article, focus on this one first.

You also have a shortcut. You can check out premade configs by clicking [here](https://github.com/flaxeneel2/pterodactyl-optimized-paper-egg) and then edit the values to your liking (PaperMC).

**Startup Flags**
Startup flags are also very important for optimization and may make a major difference in performance.
1. Go to your server panel
2. Go to startup tab
3. Scroll down to `JAVA ARGUMENTS`
4. Paste the flags [here](https://haste.flaxeneel2.net/Z3SgPnxvQyaJ9Q47LPbLooXKHq7FSax6UBFkBzpY03OOCdV22k.coffeescript) in it
5. Start your server and you are done!

> > What does the flags do? 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> What do the flags do? 
```

> The flags optimize the ram to be more efficient.

Reviewer: What flags are you talking about? How does it "optimize the ram"? How does using these flags make my server more "efficient"?

> You can find a detailed guide [here](https://aikar.co/2018/07/02/tuning-the-jvm-g1gc-garbage-collector-flags-for-minecraft/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These flags help keep your server run with a stable TPS and without any large garbage collection spikes by tweaking different allocation and garbage collection settings for Minecraft. 
For further information on the flags, check out [this blog](https://aikar.co/2018/07/02/tuning-the-jvm-g1gc-garbage-collector-flags-for-minecraft).
```
Made this pretty quickly, feel free to correct any grammar mistakes.

Reviewer: Now that I've re-read my suggestion, it sounds a bit off. I'll see if I can make any improvements tomorrow.

> You can find a detailed guide on [aikar's website](https://aikar.co/2018/07/02/tuning-the-jvm-g1gc-garbage-collector-flags-for-minecraft/).

Reviewer 2: I don't think that naming another person's website is a good thing to do. That website also takes a [bunch of time to load](https://i.imgur.com/avDbOvb.png).

Author: I'll rename it to something else, as for the second issue, nothing I can do about, I am not a java Dev so I don't know what flags do in detail

You also have a shortcut. You can check out premade configs by clicking [here](https://github.com/flaxeneel2/pterodactyl-optimized-paper-egg) and then edit the values to your liking (PaperMC).

**Startup Flags**
Startup flags are also very important for optimization and may make a major difference in performance.
1. Go to your server panel
2. Go to startup tab
3. Scroll down to `JAVA ARGUMENTS`
4. Paste the flags [here](https://haste.flaxeneel2.net/Z3SgPnxvQyaJ9Q47LPbLooXKHq7FSax6UBFkBzpY03OOCdV22k.coffeescript) in it
5. Start your server and you are done!

> Why should I use these startup flags? 

> These flags help keep your server run with a stable TPS and without any large garbage collection spikes by tweaking different allocation and garbage collection settings for Minecraft. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These flags help keep your server running with a stable TPS and without any large garbage collection spikes by tweaking different allocation and garbage collection settings for Minecraft. 
```

Reviewer: Actually, nvm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These flags help your server run with a stable TPS and without any large garbage collection spikes by tweaking different allocation and garbage collection settings for Minecraft. 
```

Reviewer: This still seems a bit wordy and big imo, anyone have any suggestions?

Author: cant be helped ¯\_(ツ)_/¯

Reviewer: The sentence is super long with 2 "ands", which also makes it wordy and confusing to understand. 
*I also made this sentence in ~5 minutes, it definitely should be at least edited.*

Author: We should remove ` and without any large garbage collection spikes` , im pretty sure most users don't know what it is, plus its the part of sentence that's confusing.

Reviewer: Sure, I'm fine with that.

```suggestion
These flags help keep your server run with a stable TPS by tweaking different allocation and garbage collection settings for Minecraft. 
```

> > What do the flags do? 
> These flags help keep your server run with a stable TPS and without any large garbage collection spikes by tweaking different allocation and garbage collection settings for Minecraft. 
> For further information on the flags, check out [this blog](https://aikar.co/2018/07/02/tuning-the-jvm-g1gc-garbage-collector-flags-for-minecraft).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Why should I use these startup flags? 
These flags help keep your server run with a stable TPS and without any large garbage collection spikes by tweaking different allocation and garbage collection settings for Minecraft. 
For further information on these flags, check out [this blog](https://aikar.co/2018/07/02/tuning-the-jvm-g1gc-garbage-collector-flags-for-minecraft).
```

You also have a shortcut. You can check out premade configs by clicking [here](https://github.com/flaxeneel2/pterodactyl-optimized-paper-egg) and then edit the values to your liking (PaperMC).

**Startup Flags**
Startup flags are also very important for optimization and may make a major difference in performance.
1. Go to your server panel
2. Go to startup tab
3. Scroll down to `JAVA ARGUMENTS`
4. Paste the flags [here](https://haste.flaxeneel2.net/Z3SgPnxvQyaJ9Q47LPbLooXKHq7FSax6UBFkBzpY03OOCdV22k.coffeescript) in it
5. Start your server and you are done!

> What does the flags do? 
it pre processes the memory to be more usable

> 

Reviewer 2: There are some typos here, but I'm also unsure if this info is correct. @DaddyChimken can you please confirm?

Reviewer: "it pre processes the memory to be more usable"

No one will understand this, please fix the grammar and add more information while making it easier to understand.
